CDDSO-503 Documentation mapping plugins (#468)
MetOffice/CDDS: docs/developer_documentation/mapping_plugins/available_mapping_plugins.md

# Available Plugins

## UKESM1 Plugin

| Responsible                        | Code Base                                                                                            |
|:-----------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [CDDS Team](mailto:cdds@metoffice.gov.uk) | [Link to code on GitHub](https://github.com/MetOffice/CDDS/tree/main/mip_convert/mip_convert/plugins/ukesm1) |

> The UKESM1 plugin provides all functionality needed for mapping UKESM1 models for CMOR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UKESM1 plugin provides all functionality needed for mapping UKESM1 models for CMIP6 like projects.
```

Reviewer: Similar changes for HadGEM3 below
